# Tele-Arena scripts from The Point BBS in New Orleans, circa 1995

15 years ago, 1995-ish, I cut my teeth on programming by editing and creating
scripts for Tele-Arena, a MajorBBS game involving reading about goblins
appearing, then typing instructions to attack them, and then reading about their
deaths. The runtime was Telemate, a DOS COM program that was very dear to us.
This was a pretty profound experience on me, though I didn't know it
at the time.  

It turns out that a friend kept a copy of those scripts on a moldy floppy
somewhere, and I was recently gifted with a copy.  I ran and edited these on my
first computer, a 486 with a 2400 baud modem.  Before that, my interactions
with computers and technology were strictly as a consumer--playing games,
watching media.  Tele-Arena, and these scripts, showed me how a computer can be
bent to one's will.  It was the beginning of a long road for me.

Since this was on my first computer, this repository consists of the first
things that I ever programmed.  One and a half decades later, they quite
horrify me in practical terms, but time has made the memories of my time on
that BBS quite halcyon.  I learned more useful stuff automating the destruction
of stygian dragons and warlocks than I ever did in school.  Surely these
scripts deserve to live on the web *somewhere*.

So here they are.  These were written, shared, cannibalized, copy-pasted, and
edited by several of us back then.  By the time I started messing with them,
there was already a sizable body of code.  I can point to several authors, but
who actually wrote a given line of code is probably lost to time--I explicitly
make no attempt to attribute any of them.  I doubt some kid will stumble across
this and be as inspired as I was--nowadays they do that with WoW interface mods
in Lua, a profoundly more functional environment than we had to deal with.  But
maybe someone will enjoy going over them as much as I do.  Or maybe someone
will one day google 'The Point BBS' and find them.  Who knows.

At any rate, I hope to never lose them again.  They shall remain with me in git
from now on, assuming no rogue steals their soulstone.  Thankfully, lots of
scripts have the 'soulcheck' function to make sure they are safe from just such
a threat.

April 2010
